the United States was founded on the
principle of the rule of law there was
Thomas Paine's great statement common
sense where he says in America the laws
king all the founding fathers John Adams
all talk about the fact that when they
establish the Constitution the Bill of
Rights the basic principle was we were
restraining people because people are
infallible people make mistakes power
goes to people's heads in fact James
Madison said we optimist trust all those
in power what we're facing now howre
with the growth of government and the
power and the presidencies we're
teetering very close to what those who
fought for our rights in the beginning
in the American Revolution our
Constitution what they faced this is
especially true in light of the New York
Times recent revelation that President
Obama is operating off a government kill
list he has personally been directing
who should be targeted for death by
military drones which are unmanned
aerial assault vehicles in fact
declaring Obama's actions without
precedent and presidential history the
New York Times describes a process
whereby every few weeks Obama and
approximately a hundred members of his
national security team gather for their
terror tuesday meetings in which they
handpick the next so-called national
threat to die by way of the American
military CIA drone program Obama signs
off personally on about a third of the
drone strikes all the ones in Yemen and
Somalia and the risky ones in Pakistan
indeed by the time he was awarded the
nobel peace prize in 2009 Obama had
given the go-ahead to more drone strikes
than Bush did during his entire
presidency by the third year of his
presidency two times as many suspected
terrorists had been approved for killing
than had been put in Guantanamo Bay
during george w bush's presidency these
terror tuesday sessions directed by
president obama who will be killed next
making the president essentially a
hitman in my opinion returns us to the
beginning when we fought
it's the rule of law one of the
frightening things in this scenario by
using drones to attack a single al Qaeda
agent or suspected al-qaeda agency are
all the people around these agents what
we're seeing now is innocent people
dying because one person may be targeted
by the President as an anonymous
government official on Obama's drone
campaign recently observed and I'm
quoting they count the corpses and
they're not really sure who they are
indeed Obama's first authorized drone
attack in Yemen led to the deaths of 14
women and 21 children and only one
alleged al-qaeda affiliate incredibly
the government actually justifies the
civilian deaths by suggesting that the
individuals must be militants or
combatants simply because of their
proximity to the target to put this in
perspective we're dealing with a very
serious problem the growth of the power
of the presidency and the power of the
presidents to act on his own will and
disregard the rule of law I bigger ously
opposed george w bush's policies he was
not a civil libertarian there was some
glimmer of hope when Obama took office
that he would be but we've come to find
out that Obama is actually according to
many civil libertarians a worst
president in terms of protecting our
civil liberties as Steven Rosenfeld
reports for Salon and I'm quoting when
Barack Obama took office he was the
Civil Liberties community great hope
Obama a former constitutional law
professor pledged to shutter the
military prison at Guantanamo Bay Cuba
and run a transparent and open
government but he has become a civil
libertarians nightmare a supposedly
liberal president who instead has
expanded and four or five many of the
Bush administration's worst policies
lending bipartisan support for more
intrusive and authoritarian federal
government President Obama now has power
that Bush never had our Constitution
clearly guarantees especially American
citizens the right to a lawyer or right
an impartial jury the right to a trial
the right to be treated humanely by
government agents the president nited
states is completely bypassing all these
if something is not done to curb this
man's power all freedoms as we have
known them are going to be obliterated
you